Chapter One

Chris pulled the camper van over to the side of the road, his heart thumping. At last he had found what he was looking for. He was deep in woodland, several kilometres from the nearest town, and on the other side of the road, standing under a tree was a cute little boy, his bike lying on its side in the short grass. There was no-one else around and the boy was on his own.

For the last few days Chris had been searching for boys on the dirt-track roads that ran through the remote woodland and bush. These roads were almost deserted, but occasionally, when he got close to a town or village, he'd see children playing in the trees by the side of the road.

The other week he'd seen a group of five boys playing football in a clearing. It was a near perfect situation. He'd parked his camper van where he could get a good view of the boys, but was careful not to get too close, which would look suspicious and might scare them.

Chris had found that boys from these Eastern European countries were generally very friendly and trusting of strangers, particularly the ones from the poorest areas. Still, he hadn't wanted to draw attention to himself and he watched the boys from a distance.

They were kicking around a tin can. One boy was in goal, made of two sticks pushed into the ground, and the other four were trying to score. They were cute but most of them were a little bit older than he was really looking for.

The youngest one was interesting though. He didn't look more than about 9 or 10 years old and he had a hot, skinny body, but as long as they were all together there was nothing Chris could do. He had hoped that the younger boy might wander off on his own, and he'd follow discretely waiting for the perfect moment to snatch him.

He watched them for hours but in the end they all cycled back to the nearby town and he drove past them as if he'd never even noticed they were there. In his mirror he saw them stop outside a shop that was selling ice cream but he just kept going. He'd mark the clearing on the map later and the next time he was in the area he'd drive by again.

That had been over a week ago and he hadn't had much in the way of luck since then. That was until now. Until he found this boy all on his own in the middle of nowhere. The boy was peering up into the tree and Chris noticed that a football was stuck between some branches. The boy was throwing sticks at it to try and knock it down. It didn't seem as if he had even noticed the camper van pull up across the road, he was so engrossed with what he was doing.

Chris's heart was racing. The boy was perfect, absolutely perfect! He looked to be about eight or nine years old with a nice slim body and short, dark brown hair. Delicious! He was so cute that Chris thought he could come just looking at him and he felt his cock throb. He was wearing a grey striped t-shirt, with a collar and a couple of buttons at the neck.

Chris got out of the van and opened the side door. It was a hot, sunny day and the dusty, dirt-track road was very dry. Any footprints or tyre marks would simply blow away in the breeze. They were several kilometres out of the nearest town and all that could be seen in either direction was trees and bushes. He recalled passing a row of small houses about two or three kilometres back, with an old lady pegging out some washing in a yard, but there were none here. It was just him and the boy.

"Need any help?" Chris called out in perfect Romanian, crossing the road in as relaxed a manner as he was able. He glanced in both directions as he crossed the narrow road and he was pleased that there was no sign of other cars or people. All that could be heard was birdsong and the buzzing of grasshoppers from the bush.

"My football's stuck," the boy said, pointing to a dirty old black and white plastic football that had caught in-between two branches.

Chris glanced up at it and then turned his attention back to the boy. "I can get that down for you, no problem. What's your name?" he smiled, "Mine's Chris."

A gentle breeze stirred the branches of the trees as the boy looked up at the friendly stranger. "My name's Marius," he said, his brown, almond-shaped eyes sparkling like the shafts of sunlight through the canopy of leaves overhead. He really was gorgeous.

"And how old are you Marius?" he asked casually, looking back up at the ball in the tree as if sizing up the problem. "I'll guess you're about 19," he said in fun.

The boy giggled, his big eyes sparkling again. "No," he said, shuffling from one foot to the other, "I'm not 19! I'm only eight!" He almost shouted his answer. He knew the middle aged man was teasing him.

That'll do, Chris thought, that'll do very nicely. Eight -- yummy! He licked his lips. His mouth was dry. Closer to the boy now he could see that he was even cuter than he had first thought. There was a dusting of light freckles over his little button nose, his skin so pure and unblemished.

"Nah, you're older than eight," Chris teased, "You're at least 16!"

Marius giggled again, bending forward slightly, his hands on his non-existant hips. "I'm only eight! Really!"

Chris's heart was racing. He could hardly believe that he was doing this, although, of course, he hadn't actually done anything yet. There was still time to back out. He knew he wouldn't though. The boy was too hot, too perfect, and his sadistic child lust was too strong. He knew then that he was going to do it. He was going to kidnap little Marius.

It was just over a year ago that he had bought the old farmhouse up in the mountains. He had converted the barn into a bondage and torture chamber containing heavy-duty equipment, much of which he had constructed himself. All he needed now was a cute little boy to experiment with sexually and torture. Eight year old Marius was perfect.

His penis throbbed as he looked down at the little boy and imagined all the things he could do to him when he got him back to the barn. All he had to do was to get him into the van and then nothing could stop him. His heart was thumping.

"Oh all right," Chris chuckled, "I'll believe you. If you say so, you're only 8, but you look 19 to me!" Kidding again he ruffled the boy's hair, his penis like an iron bar in his jeans. "Your football is quite high up in the tree but I've got something in the van that will help us get it down."

Crossing the narrow dirt-track road gave Chris the chance to look around again for anyone approaching, and he was pleased that everywhere was still deserted. But that could change in an instant and he wanted to get the boy in the van as quickly as possible. He looked over his shoulder to see Marius throwing his stick up into the tree again. God he was hot. He couldn't wait to see him naked.

Chris's hands were shaking as he opened a cupboard in the camper van and took out the bottle of Chloroform he kept there for just this sort of opportunity. This was it, he thought, the moment he'd waited for! He knelt on the floor and pulled out a wide drawer under one of the seats. Inside there was a wind break and he slid out one of the wooden poles to knock the ball out of the tree with. Then he poured a little Chloroform onto a white cotton handkerchief and stepped back out into the sunshine. "This should do it," he shouted to Marius, holding up the long pole for the boy to see.

Marius's little face was beaming now and Chris reflected on how trusting little boys could be with him. He also thought how strange it was that the cuter a little boy was and the sweeter his smile, the more he wanted to hurt him, and he really wanted to hurt Marius. It was going to be wonderful. He was going to rape and torture the fuck out of him.

"Here, if you take the pole I'll lift you up and then you can knock the ball out of the tree," Chris said, holding out the pole, "Then we can have a kick about if you like. Are you any good at football?"

Marius nodded his head. Yes, he was very good at football. "OK then, let's get that ball down and you can show me," Chris said, ruffling the boy's hair and handing him the wooden pole.

It was all so easy after that. Chris knelt behind Marius as if he was about to lift him, then he clamped the handkerchief firmly over the child's nose and mouth. Shocked he struggled momentarily but very quickly went limp and collapsed into Chris's arms as the Chloroform did its job.

More excited now than he had ever been in his life, Chris lay Marius on his back in the dirt under the tree and quickly checked the road. There was still no-one around. Returning to the boy he scooped him up in his arms like a little rag doll and carried him across the road to the camper van, his head hanging down over his arm.

Chris lay Marius on the floor on his back then stepped outside again, checking the road in both directions. Still no one. He ran across to the tree and used the wooden pole to knock the ball down from where it was stuck in-between the branches. Then he put the ball and the pole in the van and lay the handkerchief over the boy's face. Most of the Chloroform had evaporated now but there was just enough to help keep him out for a few more minutes.

The last thing was the bike, which he picked up and carried to the van. He checked around under the tree but there was nothing else and so he returned to the van and closed the door. Then he pulled all the curtains, rolled Marius onto his tummy and tied his wrists behind his back with a cable tie. Then he fastened a black leather bondage collar round his neck and lifted him onto the bed.

He tied a length of rope to the collar, then pulled it underneath the mattress and tied it to a metal hook he had previously screwed tightly into the wooden frame of the bed. It was a long drive back to the farmhouse and he didn't want Marius getting up and trying to shout out of one of the windows on the way.

It was more than tempting to examine the goods but Chris knew that if he lifted up the boy's t-shirt and saw his smooth, flat tummy and chest, he wouldn't be able to resist going further. He'd want to unfasten his jeans and pull down his underpants to see the eight-year-old's hairless genitals, and if he did that he'd become intoxicated with lust. It was better to get him back to the farmhouse and into the barn where he had all his equipment and all the time in the world to do everything he had dreamed of for so long.

Marius looked so cute with his eyes closed that he could have been an angel. Chris licked his face then opened his little mouth, sucked his pale pink lips and pushed his tongue deep into the boy's mouth. He ran his fingers through Marius's silky, fair hair, his tongue exploring. He imagined his cute face contorted in agony, screaming, his cheeks red and the veins in his neck standing out. Such thoughts were delicious to him. He had dreamed of so many ingenious ways in which he could torture little boys and now he was going to have the chance to try them all out. He just couldn't wait.

He scrunched up some more cotton handkerchiefs and pushed as many as he could into the child's mouth. Then he took a bandage and wrapped it round and round his head, over his mouth, securing it eventually with a large safety pin. The temptation to push the pin through the boy's cheek was difficult to resist but he wanted to get him back to the barn completely unmarked. In fact, he would try not to leave any permanent marks on his body for as long as possible.

There was a bulge in his trousers as Chris climbed into the driving seat and started the engine. His breathing was ragged and his hands were shaking with lust, excitement and anticipation. In about three hours he'd be back at the barn and carrying a struggling child into his torture chamber.
Chapter Two

The route that Chris chose back to the farmhouse took them along a road that ran adjacent to a river, that in the heat of the summer had almost run dry. It wasn't long before he heard muffled moans coming from the back of the camper van and he slowed down and looked over his shoulder to see little Marius struggling on the bed. The chloroform had worn off.

Just ahead he saw the little bridge that took the road over the river and up into the mountains. They would pass through three small villages and pass several remote houses before the road would twist and turn as it climbed steeply into the hills. The trees were denser here and provided shade from the hot sun and he had to reduce speed as there was a lot of rubble on the road along this stretch. The last thing he wanted was a burst tyre.

When eventually they reached the farmhouse Chris pulled the camper alongside the timber barn and turned off the engine. He climbed into the back to find Marius red-eyed from crying, and still struggling to free himself from his bonds. He sat astride the little boy's torso and unfastened the rope that was tied to the collar at the back of his neck. There was a mixture of fear and relief in the boy's eyes as he removed the safety pin from the bandage and began to unwind it.

"What have you done to me?" Marius spluttered as Chris removed the bandage and pulled the handkerchiefs out of the boy's mouth. "Why have you tied me up?"

Chris licked his lips and placed his hand around Marius's slender throat. He squeezed gently, then more and more tightly until the boy's eyes widened as the fear dawned that the man was about to strangle him and there was nothing he could do. There was no escape. He was a little eight-year-old child and sat on top of him was a strong middle aged man.

"Why have I tied you up?" Chris said, repeating the boy's question. As he spoke he relaxed his grip on the boy's throat. "I've tied you up Marius firstly because I wanted to, and secondly because I needed to. I've kidnapped you, and I needed to keep you quiet while I drove you back here to my farmhouse."

The little boy's breathing quickened and Chris watched his chest rise and fall under his t-shirt. As his words sank in he watched the boy's pretty blue eyes fill with tears and his bottom lip began to quiver.

"Why have you kidnapped me?" he sobbed, "I want to go home! Please let me go home. And my wrists hurt. Please untie me!"

The temptation to squeeze the little boy's neck until he couldn't breathe was very strong, but Chris wanted to stick to the plan, and that was to show the boy pleasure first, before he experienced pain, humiliation and brutal cruelty.

Mental torture, to an extent, relied on there being high points and low points. The low points, for the boy, would be the extreme torture that Chris would subject him to for hours on end. The high points would be the gentle soothing that came afterwards, and the rewards which would come in the form of prolonged oral sex and skilled masturbation.

He would give him orgasms like no eight-year-old boy would ever normally experience, and for this Chris would turn to his instruments of pleasure, the vibrators, prostate stimulators, anal beads, and electro toys.

It was important for Marius to experience the highs first, and the highest of the highs, so that he would want more. Chris wanted to get him to the point where he'd ask for it, even beg for it, and if Chris knew anything about little boys, that wouldn't take very long. As soon as he had got the boy voluntarily jumping up naked into his bondage apparatus eagerly anticipating another masturbation and sucking session, the torture would begin.

Chris gently lifted the boy off the bed, and, with a pair of kitchen scissors he carefully cut through the cable tie that held his wrists together.

"I'm sorry I had to do that," Chris lied, gently rubbing the child's wrists. "You wouldn't have come with me if I'd just pulled the van over and asked you to hop in, but I promise you, you're going to be very, very glad that I did kidnap you and not some other boy."

Marius stopped crying, but a tear welled up out of the corner of his eye and ran down his cheek.

"Look, I really like little boys. I like them very much," Chris said, "In fact I like little boys much more than women or men of my own age, and there is a game I like to play with them. A secret game that most grown-ups don't tell little boys about. They don't tell them because they like to keep the secret all to themselves, but I'm going to show you and share the secret with you."

The boy had completely stopped crying now and was looking at Chris with a mixture of curiosity and disbelief. He was a street-wise kid from the poor part of town and he'd just been kidnapped and tied up by this man so he wasn't about to trust him too quickly, but what he said had piqued his curiosity. All children loved a secret.

"Look," Chris said, standing up and dropping the cable tie in the bin, "come and play the secret game with me and if you don't like it I'll drive you back home. Oh, and I won't have to tie you up this time."

The magic words, "drive you back home," put the light back in the boy's eyes and his expression changed to one of being more curious than suspicious.

"Think of it as an adventure," Chris said, "If you don't like the secret game, we won't play it, but at least you'll know the secret. If you don't like it then I'll take you home and I'll even give you some money for your time."

The boy's eyes lit up, "How much will you give me?" he asked.

"That depends," he replied with mock uncertainty. "If you don't like the game and want to go home I'll give you 100 lei. If you're really good at the game and you play really well, like most boys do, then I'll give you 500 lei."

Marius's eyes lit up again and a grin spread across his face. "Is that 500 each time we play?" he asked, "So if we played again tomorrow I'd get another 500?"

"That's the way it goes," Chris lied.

It was easy then to lead him into the barn, the boy now quite enthusiastic. Chris had replaced the huge barn doors with a single door entrance that sat in a stone wall for security. It was the only stone wall in the barn, the rest of the construction was timber.

After entering a security code he stepped into the barn with little Marius following, then flicked on the lights. Chris closed the door behind him and there was a metallic click as it locked. No-one was leaving now without the code. Although he didn't know it yet the boy was imprisoned.

Marius's jaw dropped as the lights came on and he saw the contents of the barn. "What's all this?, he asked, making a gesture at all the bondage equipment, seemingly more amazed than concerned.

"Oh, it's just part of the game," Chris said casually, "Would you like a drink? I've got lemonade, fizzy orange, cola …"

"Cola please!" the boy shouted as Chris made his way to the far end of the barn, where a laptop was open on a desk. A secure chat program was already running and a green light told him that he was connected to Tegatus. The red status message told him that his friend and employer was away, so he took out his mobile phone and typed, "I'm back and I've got one," onto the screen, then pressed: Send to Tegatus.

He clicked on the Studio Five icon and checked to make sure all the cameras were off. They were. Marius was looking at one of the bondage benches and was fiddling with one of the leather cuffs secured to a metal bar above it. He didn't seem at all frightened. Just curious.

"I'll show you how that works in a minute if you like," Chris called from the kitchen, pouring Marius a coke. "It's great fun!"

His phone bleeped and when he looked it was a message from Tegatus. It just read: "I'll be back in 10 minutes. Don't start without me! How old? Is he hot?"

Chris replied: "He's very hot! He's perfect. Hurry back! I can't wait to start!"

"Hey Marius," he shouted, making his way over to the bondage bench with a coke for the kid and a glass of wine for himself. "How would you like to be in a film?"

"Yeah, what film? Do I get any more money?"

Chris grinned, he might be a teeny bit naive but he wasn't stupid. He handed the glass of cola to the boy and then moved Camera One on its tripod so that it was pointing at the bench.

"You might get a bit more money. It depends on how good you are. I'm working with a group of people who want me to make a film about the game."

Marius downed the cola in one. He was thirsty after spending all that time in the back of the camper van with his mouth stuffed full of cotton handkerchiefs.

"I'll be good!" Marius said enthusiastically, "Will I be on TV or the cinema?" he asked.

Chris ruffled the little boy's hair. "Oh, you'll be on in the cinema," he said grinning, "You'll be wide screen! HD."

His phone bleeped. "How old?" the message read. He grinned and quickly typed a message back. "He's just eight! Fucking gorgeous! And, I'm going to torture him while you watch."

"Do you want to come and lie on your back on the this bench?" Chris asked, his voice light hearted and friendly. "Then I'll show you how we play the game."

Marius enthusiastically sat down at the end of the bench and allowed Chris to position him so that his little bottom was right at the very end and then lay down on his back. The padded black leather bench was probably the most comfortable piece of bondage equipment in the barn and it was a good one to start with.

A metal bar, like an inverted U was secured to two metal side bars than ran parallel to each other on either side of the bench. Chris adjusted it's position so that it was just behind the boy's head, and then he took the boy's left hand.

"OK," he said as calmly as he could, "I'm just going to fasten your wrist in this leather cuff. Tell me if it's too tight won't you and I'll loosen it?"

"Why do you need to do that?" Marius asked, frowning slightly but offering no resistance.

Chris fastened the cuff around the boy's wrist so that his left arm was now splayed out to the side and behind his head. "Have you ever seen magicians on TV?" he asked, "You know like when they saw a woman in half or something?"

The child nodded his head. "Are you going to saw me in half?" he asked.

Fastening the boy's right wrist in the cuff on the other side of the frame, Chris felt his cock throbbing and his heart racing. The little boy was now on his back on the bondage bench, his wrists secured in leather cuffs so that his arms were splayed out making his body a Y-shape.

"Oh no, no, I'm not going to saw you in half," he said, taking another small sip of wine, his mouth dry, "I'm just going to work a little magic on you and this bench and the cuffs around your wrists are like magicians' props."

There was no way that the boy could get away now. The leather cuffs were secure around his wrists and the metal frame they were secured to was very sturdy. An adult male wouldn't be able to get away. The bench and the metal frame were both bolted to the solid wooden floor of the barn.

Chris switched on Camera One and then zoomed in and focussed on the boy's face. Then he switched on Camera Two and panned back to get a full body shot. Camera Three focussed on and zoomed in on the boys hips. When his black jogging trousers and underpants were off it would give a perfect view of the top of the boy's thighs, the lower part of his tummy, and, of course his genitals.

"I'm just going to do the software for the cameras," Chris said returning to the laptop on the desk.

Tegatus's status light had turned green and there was already a message on the screen.

***

Tegatus: I'm back and I'm really excited. You've done well. An eight-year-old! I can hardly wait to see him!

Chris: I'm going live now with three cameras so that you can see and hear him.

He clicked on the Studio Five software and changed the status of all the cameras so that they were available for viewing by Tegatus.

Tegatus: Fuck Chris, he's absolutely gorgeous! Such a lovely little boy! I can hardly wait to get started. Are we sticking to the plan? Pleasure first?

Chris: Definately. I'm going to take his pants off and we'll see how he reacts to that. Even if he struggles and complains he'll go quiet as soon as I start to masturbate him.

Tegatus: I'm going to enjoy watching you make him cum, and like we discussed, make him cum over and over again. They will be dry cums because he's so young, but I want to hear him crying out with pleasure and I want to see his gorgeous face contorted in ecstasy!

Chris: It will probably be contorted in pain tomorrow. I'm going to torture him so brutally.

Tegatus: I hope so. I want you to give him enough pain to drop a horse! Show him no mercy.

Chris: I can't wait. My cock is so hard thinking about it. First though let's see if I can get him hooked on sex. Get ready for the action. I'm going to masturbate and perform oral sex on an eight-year-old child.

Tegatus: Have you got all the sex toys?

Chris: I've got everything, the vibrators, prostate stimulators, anal beads, electro toys everything! You just sit back and watch the show. The soft-core part of the show. Seriously hard-core child torture to follow.
Chapter Three

Chris knelt on the floor in-between Marius's legs and pushed up the boy's t-shirt.

"So, let the game begin," he said, a little surprised that Marius hadn't objected to having his t-shirt pushed up. That was a good sign.

The boy had a gorgeous flat tummy and chest with small pale pink nipples. His skin was deliciously smooth and creamy white. It had that astonishing quality that only a child's skin seems to have. The skin on his face was the same colour, shade and texture as the skin on his tummy, which in turn was the same as the skin on his arms. He wondered if this consistency of skin colour and texture was one of the things that appealed to child lovers. That and their hairlessness. It was certainly gorgeous.

He leant forward and kissed the boy's tummy, trailing his wet lips across his skin, sucking and licking all the way up to his sternum. His hands caressed the boy's chest like a lover, his fingertips pinched his nipples, his tongue licking his upper body all over.

Marius made his tummy go slightly concave, a flat plain of smooth skin in-between the twin peaks of his narrow hip bones. Chris placed his hands on either side of the boy's body and then slowly and lazily ran his tongue back down to his tummy and then up again over his corrugated ribs, his tongue flat against his skin.

Still Marius didn't object, and not that it really mattered, Chris was going to do whatever he wanted anyway, but the plan was for Marius to enjoy this and it seemed to be working. He found the boy's nipples and sucked first one and then the other. They were small and flat, perfect little nipples, and they puckered slightly in response to being sucked.

"That's nice," Marius said, his voice almost a whisper.

This was certainly going better than expected and Chris looked up at the camera and grinned.

"Do you like that?" he asked, and when Marius nodded his head he returned to kissing the boy's body with real passion.

He sucked and licked his tummy and chest, savouring the taste and smell of his skin. He sucked each of his baby nipples again, producing a sigh from the child, glistening trails of saliva criss-crossing his pale skin. Then he reached his slender neck, sucking it hard, just under his chin, to leave what hopefully later would develop into a nice love bite. A first mark on the unblemished canvass of the eight-year-old's body. Shuffling up a bit he looked directly into the boy's eyes and saw passion and excitement reflected back.

He pressed his lips against his and kissed him again and again. Not the sort of kisses he'd get from his mummy, these were long lingering kisses, and each one lingered a little longer. His hand slid flat across the boy's smooth chest and he felt his little heart racing. Then his nostrils flared as his tongue probed the boy's lips and his fingers gently pinched his left nipple.

It had always been one of Chris's wonders how little boys, and probably girls, took to kissing with tongues so readily the first time. He remembered his own first kiss, sat on his uncles lap, wondering why the man had got him out of bed in the middle of the night just to kiss him over and over again. Then it just happened, their mouths were open and they were kissing with tongues, so easily and so passionately. It was as if knowledge of it was imprinted in our DNA.

The cameras were silent but Chris was aware of being watched and of the fact that he was putting on a show. He slid his hand down to the flat of the boy's smooth tummy and spread out his fingers. There was nothing quite like the feeling of a child's skin and he caressed his tummy gently pressing his lips against the boys, his tongue still probing and licking the length of his lips from one corner of his mouth to the other.

"Is that nice?" Chris asked, his fingertips tracing fine lines across his baby soft skin, all the way up to his chest and then all the way down to the waistband of his loose jogging pants, only to repeat the process again.

Marius sucked in his bottom lip and nodded eagerly. Yes, he liked it. Chris watched the expression on his face as his fingertips found his nipples and he pinched first one and then the other. He pressed his hand flat against the boy's tummy again and slowly slid his fingers down, under the waistband of his joggers.

Marius raised his eyebrows but offered no objections as Chris slid his hand into the his underpants and found his little penis hard and flat against his tummy. It was only a bit smaller than his own little finger but it was so hard, like a little iron bar wrapped in a silk handkerchief.

His fingers examined it and he watched Marius's eyes suddenly widen as he began to slowly masturbate him, peeling his foreskin all the way down and then back up again. There was no resistance at all and no objections from the boy. There rarely was at this stage.

Chris began to masturbate him a little faster and he watched his hands clench into fists in their leather cuffs. An urgent look developed on his face and he frowned, spreading his legs involuntarily and slightly arching his back.

How sweet it was to masturbate an eight-year-old boy. His underpants and jogging bottoms were quite loose fitting, possibly a size or two too big and there was plenty of room for his, naughty, child-molesting hand to work.

He bent down and kissed Marius's little nose. Then their lips slid together and they kissed open mouthed, the boy's little tongue dancing and darting, seemingly copying the movements of the older man's, at first wanting to please and then discovering the pleasure of it.

Chris left the boy's penis for a moment and slid his hand down in-between his legs to cup his tight, hairless scrotum. His little balls weren't even as big as grapes. They were like two little hazel nuts, but soft to the touch. He examined them and squeezed them gently through the skin and then returned to the boy's penis, to begin masturbating him again.

As he did so the boy's triangular nostrils flared and Chris heard the rattle of the metal clips holding the leather cuffs to the frame above their heads.

"Do you like that?" Chris asked, breaking away from their kiss momentarily, his hand slowing on the boy's penis.

Marius nodded his head enthusiastically, "It's nice," he breathed, "I like it when you do it fast."

"Oh you do do you?" Chris grinned, looking up again at Camera Three. "Well, let's see if you like this then."

He knelt in-between the boy's legs and pulled down his jogging pants. They were loose and easy to get off but Marius lifted his skinny little hips to help. He pulled them down over his legs and off over his trainers.

Chris tossed the jogging pants to one side and then removed the boy's shoes and socks. There was no objection at all from Marius when Chris hooked his fingertips into his underpants and pulled them down off his hips. Again the boy lifted his bottom to make it easier, and he glanced up at the camera. This was what they wanted, an eager, willing boy.

The sight of Marius's hairless genitals, his stiff little penis pointing up above his flat tummy made Chris feel dizzy with lust. The boy's scrotum was tight in-between his legs, the skin slightly pink and wrinkled. By contrast the skin on his penis was milky white and softer than silk. God, how he loved little boys!

He took Marius's left foot in his hands and the the eight-year-old giggled as he licked the sole and then took each one of his toes in his mouth and sucked them all one by one. He repeated the action with his right foot, the boy squirming with giggles.

Silence descended as he began to lick the inside of his right leg, working his way slowly up to his inner thigh. He could hear Marius's breathing as he pushed his little legs wide apart and then took the child's scrotum into his mouth. The boy drew in a sharp breath as Chris sucked his little balls, and once again began again to masturbate his stiff penis, slowly at first and then increasing speed.

Marius's breathing quickened and the cuffs rattled again as his tongue left his scrotum and licked up along the underside of his penis. Chris pulled it back so that it was pointing straight up like a little dart, and then gently pulled his foreskin right down, revealing his deep-pink glans. It was such an erotic sight. It was a paler pink than a man's yet it was so sexual, particularly with his penis erect, it contrasted so deliciously with his innocence.

The boy gasped and his pelvis pushed up slightly as Chris took the tip of his penis into his mouth and sucked it like a lollipop. He squeezed his little balls with one hand and slid his lips all the way down the shaft until his nose was pressed into his soft tummy and his lips were glued around the base.

Then he looked up, over the boy's flat tummy and chest, to see him looking down at him, his face beaming. "Do you like this?" he asked again, momentarily taking the child's cock out of his mouth, but still squeezing his little balls.

Marius nodded enthusiastically, the metal clips rattling, "It's the best so far," he gasped, "even better than with your fingers!"

"So you like me sucking your cock do you?" he teased, masturbating the boy again as well as massaging his balls.

The eight-year-old nodded enthusiastically, his bottom lip sucked into his mouth.

"Well, this is the secret game I told you about. It's not really a game. It's sex, and if you like what I'm doing now wait until I make you cum."

The boy was breathing deeply, his chest rising and falling, his tummy quivering. "What's that?" he asked, "What happens then?"

"That's when you have an orgasm," Chris said, "It's like when all the nice feelings you've had suddenly all happen again at once in a big explosion of pleasure that makes you jerk your hips, kick your legs and scream, 'I'm cumming'."

The boy's eyes widened as he listened to Chris's explanation and his head dropped back onto the bench and he sighed as the middle aged man took his penis into his mouth again. Chris sucked his little cock like a whore, like he was hungry for it, his lips sliding up and down the boy's immature penis, his tongue working the underside of his glans.

One hand squeezed his little balls and the other groped his flat tummy and chest having a good feel of the child's body. The boy moaned and rocked his little puppy dog hips as Chris expertly sucked his cock. There was only one thing that might be better, or at least as good, as having sex with a little boy and that was the high-octane thrill he got from raping and torturing one.

The metal clips on the cuffs rattled and Marius gasped, sucking his tummy in so that it was concave, and then he looked down over his little body to watch the man sucking his eight-year-old penis.

"Oh god!" he cried out suddenly, "Stop! It's too… Oh stop! Please stop!"

Chris didn't stop at all. Quite the opposite. He used his hand to masturbate the base of the boy's penis as fast and hard as he could while his lips and tongue concentrated on the child's glans, particularly the underside of his glans, the frenulum, the most sensitive part. He was about to bring a child to orgasm.

Marius cried out, his little legs kicking and his feet drumming on the wooden floor. He arched his back, pulling now at the metal cuffs, his narrow hips jerking involuntarily, his tummy concave.

"God, god … stop it!" he cried out, "I'm cumming! I'm cumming!"

Chris squeezed the eight-year-old boy's hairless balls hard as he came in his mouth, a completely dry orgasm, his little hips shaking and his body trembling.

Chris could remember his first orgasm with his uncle masturbating him in the middle of the night. He'd given in to the pleasure but was completely unaware of what the orgasm was when it hit. He was terrified as well as overwhelmed with pleasure. Never having had the experience before, there was a fear of what would happen next, like maybe something exploding or breaking. Even after the fear passed, after he got used to the orgasms and loved them, there was still a sense of shock and trepidation every time a new orgasm was about to explode.

"Was that nice?" Chris asked, after the boy's penis had gone soft in his mouth.

Marius was still breathing rapidly, his body momentarily drained, his senses stunned. Chris gently stoked the his tummy and then crawled up over him. He kissed his moist lips and their mouths opened together for a slow, languid kiss in a post orgasmic haze.

There was something strangely erotic about being on top of this naked boy with him fully clothed, his penis rock hard in his pants.

"Would you like another drink?" he asked, breaking away from their kiss.

"Yes please!" Marius replied, "Have you got any lemonade?"

Chris ruffled the boy's hair. "I have yes! I've got all sorts of drinks in my fridge that boy's might like. I'll get us both one. I like lemonade too! Just give me a few minutes and I'll get us both one."

Marius nodded his head and Chris jumped up and walked briskly over to the laptop on the desk. Tegatus had already left several messages and he was pleased to see how positive they all were. Chris knew that Tegatus found sucking little boy's cocks to be particularly erotic and so he wasn't surprised that he'd enjoyed watching that.

***

Chris: Glad you liked the show. I'm going to get us both a drink of lemonade and then I think I need to cum too!

Tegatus: Oh God yes! Cum in his mouth! I want to see you fucking that little eight-year-old's mouth. Then, when you've emptied your balls and made him swallow it, I want you to get him into some really serious, industrial-grade bondage ready to be tortured. I think maybe the Scaffold-T next!

Chris was more than happy to oblige.
Chapter Four

Chris untied Marius and the boy sat up, swinging his legs round so that he could sit up on the bench. He took the glass of lemonade that was offered and then the older man sat on the bench next to him.

"Will your Mummy and Daddy be missing you?" Chris asked.

Marius shook his head. "I haven't got a Mummy or a Daddy," he said, matter-of-factly, without any sadness or remorse in his voice. "I live with my Nan. I don't know who my father was and my Mother died when I was two of a drugs overdose. She was a prostitute, and my father was one of her punters."

"Does any of that make you sad?" he asked, as the boy glugged his lemonade.

"Not really," Marius replied with a gasp as he downed his drink. "My Nan let's me do anything I like. I live in the hut in the garden and I come and go as I please. I don't even go to school."

This was perfect, Chris thought. It was one of the reasons he had liked the idea of abducting a boy from a very poor area. It was possible no-one would care.

"Won't your Nan be missing you then?" he asked.

Marius chuckled. "Not at all," he said shaking his head, "She won't even know I've gone and she won't care. She always tells me she'll be glad when I leave home. She says I'm good for nothing, just like my mother."

Chris could hardly believe his luck. "Well, you can stay with me for as long as you want," Chris said, and we can talk about that later. First I want to fuck your mouth," he sighed, downing his own drink, his cock rock hard and leaking.

"Do you mean like you just did to me?" Marius asked grinning?

"Pretty much, but I want to fuck your mouth because you're too young to know how to give a good blow job. All you have to do is suck on it, like it's a lollipop," Chris said, standing up. "Then I'll fuck your mouth. Do you think you can do that for me?"

Marius nodded, his face beaming, seemingly eager to play more and more of this exciting but naughty game. Chris put his hand on the top of Marius's head, peeled back his foreskin and pushed his penis into the eight-year-old boy's upturned mouth. God, that looked and felt amazing! Marius's upturned angelic face and his pale pink lips wrapped around his cock made a beautifully erotic picture. He turned slightly so that the camera would get a better view.

"When I cum," Chris instructed, my cock will squirt sperm into your mouth, but there's not much. You'll get three or four squirts and it's a bit like yoghurt. That's my cum. When I let go of your head and pull my cock out you can swallow it, OK?"

The boy nodded slightly to acknowledge that he had understood, and Chris held the boy's head in his hands and fucked his mouth. He knew it wouldn't take him long, his balls were aching from everything he'd done so far and just the sight of his cock in the child's mouth was enough to make him explode.

As if having his cock in an eight-year-old's mouth wasn't enough, Marius actually started feeling his balls, copying, or trying to copy, what he had done to the boy a little earlier.

"Oh good boy Marius," Chris sighed, "Squeeze my balls!"

Chris gripped the child's head with both hands and braced himself. "I'm going to cum in a fucking eight-year-old boy's mouth," he moaned, and when he started ejaculating he pushed his penis to the back of his throat.

"Ah fuck!" he cried, "I'm cumming!" and his hips jerked as he ejaculated into the boy's mouth, emptying his balls, filling it with hot sticky spunk.

When it was over Marius looked up at him with angelic eyes, a thin trail of semen had dribbled out of the corner of his mouth and down his chin. The boy licked his lips. "I swallowed it all like you said."

Chris dropped to his knees and kissed the boy again, tasting his own spunk on his lips and tongue. As he did so he reached down, in-between the boy's little legs and was thrilled to find him hard again.

Looking up at the camera he grinned and led Marius by the hand over to what appeared to be a small round, leather padded bar stool, but which was only about 50cm [20 inches] above the ground. It appeared to be supported by a short length of scaffold pole which slotted into a heavy-duty metal box with a hand-wheel on the side.

Four other metal scaffold poles were secured horizontally, just a few centimetres above the floor, and they made an X-shape with the little bar stool in the middle. Each of the horizontal poles had a clamping device attached to it that could run up and down the length of the pole and then be secured in position at any desired point.

"How would you like me to suck your cock and make you cum again?" Chris asked the boy.

Marius grinned and nodded his head, his face beaming, his little hard-on looking so lewd on his innocent body. Chris got him to sit on the stool and then took his left leg and pushed his foot through the open jaws of the clamp, locked it, and then slid the clamp down the pole so that the boy's leg was stretched down and at a 90 degree angle away from his body.

Chris did the same then with his right leg while Marius watched, his little penis still hard and erect. When he had finished the little boy's skinny legs were spread wide apart, forming a Y-shape with his body.

"See if you can get your feet out," Chris instructed, standing behind the boy now, his hands on his shoulders.

Marius struggled, the muscles in his legs straining, but he couldn't get his feet out of the clamps. Chris lowered the boy's upper body down off the stool, so that his back was severely arched, then he secured his left wrist in one of the clamps on the rail behind him.

With his wrist secured he pulled the clamp along the pole, stretching the boy's arm, then secured it in place when he couldn't pull it any further.

"It isn't very comfortable like this," Marius complained.

Chris took his other arm but the boy resisted and tried to pull away. "I don't like it," he said, "it hurts my back and it's hurting my ankles and wrist. Can't we do it on that bench like before?"

Chris gripped the boy's right forearm and pushed his wrist into the clamp, and, ignoring his protestations, he pulled the clamp down the pole as far as he could, stretching his right arm, then he secured it in position.

The child was now spread-eagled naked on his back in an X-shape, but Chris had one final touch to make the scene even more delicious and brutal. He felt that he was creating a living work of art. There were two little clips under the padded leather seat and Chris unfastened them and slid the seat out from under Marius's little body.

Underneath the seat there was a short, horizontal piece of scaffold pole, 35cm [14 inches] long that had been welded to the top of the upright pole beneath. In effect there were two pieces of scaffold pole forming a T shape, the horizontal part of the T was now wedged into the small of Marius's back, just above his bottom.

"I don't like it," Marius said, "it hurts!"

"I know it does baby," Chris sighed, "but if only you could see how beautiful you look, and if only you could know how much this is turning me on!"

"But it hurts my back," he complained, his bottom lip quivering. He tried to pull his arms and legs free but he could hardly even move.

"That's the whole point sweetheart," Chris said, "There is nothing more erotic than torturing little boys and that's what I'm about to do to you. It pleases me that your back is hurting! But trust me, you do look gorgeous! And guess what, you're going to be in a film. It's a child porn torture film called Breaking Boys!"

Marius started crying as Chris began turning the hand-wheel on the metal box into which the upright scaffold tube was seated. As he turned the wheel the upright pole rose, pushing up into the small of the child's back, arching his body more severely. He kept turning the wheel, arching the boy's body more and more until he was pleased with the way he looked. His back almost breaking, his tummy taut and flat, and his chest stretched so much that you could see his corrugated rib cage. Beautiful, Chris thought. Absolutely fucking gorgeous!

The boy was sobbing now, his head hanging down in-between his outstretched arms, his cheeks red. "Please, please let me go!" Marius wailed.

"I'm afraid not," Chris replied, "and there isn't even much point in thinking about me letting you go. This is just one part of the film and it's going to last for at least an hour, probably longer.

Marius sobbed as Chris undressed, tossing his clothes away from the film set. When he pulled down his underpants his cock burst free, engorged, erect and hard.

He brought all three cameras on their tripods around Marius and then brought over a couple of studio lights so that the naked child's body was well lit. Just like before, Camera One focussed on his face. It was more difficult to get a good shot this time because his face was hanging down, but he lowered the telescopic legs of the tripod so that it wasn't more than 30cm [1 ft.] off the ground and then focussed on the boy's face.

Camera Two gave a whole body shot of the little boy with his back severely arched over the scaffold T, his tummy flat and taut. Camera Three was a close up of his little hips.

He nipped over to the laptop to make sure all the cameras could be seen by Tegatus, and then brought it over and placed it on the floor, beneath the boy's right leg. He maximised the window on the laptop for Camera One, so that while he was busy in-between the child's legs he would be able to watch the expression on his face on the laptop.

Then he went over to the work bench on the other side of the barn and started selecting the items he would need during the shoot. First he chose two anal vibrators designed especially to stimulate the male prostate. Then he choose a cherry flavoured lube, not just for the vibrators but also for his own cock -- it would be going in deep, balls deep, in the boy's bottom at some point in the proceedings.

He sighed, his balls were aching at the thought and he couldn't wait to get started. Next he selected a tin full of long steel pins, a box of matches, a red wax candle, a good leather paddle, a pair of strong pliers, a cattle prod, and a couple of ice picks. He placed everything in a shallow box and returned to the boy.

His penis was throbbing as he typed a message into his chat window with Tegatus.

Chris: I'm ready when you are.

Tegatus: God, I'm so excited. Do it and be brutal. Have no mercy! Hurt that little boy for me and make him scream. I want to see the veins in his neck standing out!
Chapter Five

Chris knelt in-between Marius's spread legs and admired his hairless little genitals, his penis flaccid now and hanging down over his scrotum. Soft as it was, it was barely four centimetres long whereas erect it had been a good seven. He wondered with excitement how long he would be able to stretch it.

Chris clenched his fist tightly and punched the eight-year-old boy in the balls hard. Marius screamed, an agonisingly high-pitched scream, and his body trembled, the muscles in his skinny arms and legs strained against his bonds, but he couldn't move at all, his completely naked body was secured tightly.

"Oh my god that's gorgeous," he sighed, "You've got no idea how long I've wanted to do that,"

His own penis was rock hard and he knew that Tegatus would be in the same condition too, erect and probably wanking as he watched the show. Even though both men were in their 50s they had been able to cum over and over again while reading boy torture fantasies.

Chris lit the red candle and placed it carefully in the candlestick holder. Little Marius was still wailing, his skinny body arched over the bar, still twitching. He wanted to give the boy something else to scream about and so he sucked his scrotum into his mouth and then bit the skin, avoiding his testicles, and pulled hard away from his body, stretching his little sack.

At the same time he tightly pinched the little nub of foreskin at the tip of his penis, between thumb and forefinger, and stretched the child's penis up towards his tummy button. The boy screamed again, his body trembling violently, and Chris bit the skin of his sack harder, pulling it savagely away from his body so that the skin was stretched flat almost like a little tongue.

He dug his thumb nail into the boy's foreskin, for better grip, and stretched his penis right the way up to his tummy button, making it look a bit like a worm being pulled out of the ground by a hungry blackbird. Marius screamed, his body trembling violently, and Chris watched his cute face on the computer screen, his cheeks bright red and the veins in his neck standing out.

"Oh that's so horny," Chris said, releasing the boy's scrotum from in-between his teeth, "You've got no idea how much I'm enjoying this! Doing it for real is even more of a turn-on than I ever imagined!"

He released the boy's penis, allowing it to return to its normal size and then firmly pulled the foreskin right back, stretching the frenulum. Then he took the candle and began to drip the hot wax onto the boy's sensitive glans.

"No, no stop!" Marius screamed, desperately trying in vain with all his strength to pull his arms and legs free, but to no avail. To get his hands or feet out the clamps without first unlocking them he would literally have to cut them off.

"Please, please, no! Stop!" the child creamed as Chris let a drop of hot wax splash onto the opening of his urethra.

"No fucking chance!" Chris gasped, "I absolutely fucking love this! Have you any idea how much you're turning me on?'

Marius's scream was almost primeval as, in response to the child's begging, Chris pulled his foreskin back as far as he could and then held his exposed glans in the flame of the candle. He held it there just for a second or two. He didn't want to severely burn it, or worse cause blistering, at least not yet.

He gave the boy a few seconds to recover and then returned his glans to the flame of the candle, at the top where it was hottest. This time his scream was raw and Chris looked at the screen of the laptop, that was receiving feed from Camera One, to see that the boy's face was a deep red.

Again, he was careful not to allow the flame to cause any lasting burns and within a second or two he began to run it down the underside of his penis to his scrotum. He held the flame under each one of his little balls for just a few seconds, enjoying the delicious reaction he got from the child.

The boy was crying and wailing, but as Chris held the flame under his testicles, Marius seemed to choke himself on his own screams, and he began retching at the same time as if he was going to vomit. It was so horny!

Chris returned the candle to it's holder and looked up at Camera Three. "God, this is so fucking erotic!" he said, for the benefit of Marius, as well as Tegatus, "Torturing an eight year old boy is sensational!"

He stood up then and caressed the boy's smooth, flat tummy, caressing it lovingly, and admiring how sexy it looked with his back arched severely over the metal pole. Then, overwhelmed with the lust of child torture, he clenched his fist again, and this time aimed for the boy's tummy button and punched him hard.

The boy's scream was blood curdling and his body twitched and spasmed, the muscles in his little arms and legs straining. Chris glanced at the laptop. Marius's mouth was open wide, the veins in his neck standing out, his face deep red, and his wailing almost continuous.

He punched the little eight-year-old in the tummy again and watched the reaction as the boy seemed to have a spastic fit on top of the pole. Chris punched him again, this time a little lower down his tummy, just above his pubic bone. That was hot because it smashed his little hips down and momentarily bent his spine even more severely.

Chris's heart was racing now and he was enjoying it so much that his hard cock was leaking. The child was screaming and retching, choking and coughing and spluttering all at once, all sounds that were so horny to hear. Giving the boy no respite Chris punched him again, a little higher up this time, just beneath his sternum. The child made a strange gurgling sort of scream as if he was dying and Chris punched him again, this time hitting the boy's tummy directly above the iron bar,

It was an absolute delight and Chris had the feeling of being high as well as being super turned-on. He stepped back, looking down at the boy's hairless genitals, and with his his pulse racing he kicked the boy hard in the balls. The boy's scream was amazing. It sounded as if he was bringing all his insides up with it and when Chris looked down at the laptop he saw that the boy's face was so red it was almost purple. This was hot! He even thought about killing him, and that made his cock even harder, but this boy was for keeps, to be tortured every day, day after day, with no respite.

He was turned on so much now that he just had to cum and he leant forward over the child's body, and supported himself with his left hand on the boy's chest. Then he began masturbating furiously. "I've got to do this," he gasped, "I need to cum. Torturing this little eight-year-old is just so fucking horny!"

As he came he pinched one of Marius's little nipples and ejaculated all over the child's tummy and genitals. He had never cum so much in his life. There were splashes of cum on the boy's inner thighs, in his groin, on his little cock, balls and tummy.

"Thank you Marius," he said after he had caught his breath, "That was the best cum I've ever had! But don't worry, I bet the next one will be even better!"

Chris went over to the bench where he kept all the sex toys and instruments of torture. On a row of hooks on the wall was a selection of various types of ball gags. Most were normal sizes but there was a selection of smaller ones that his employer, Tegatus, had supplied.

They had been designed and made specially for little boys of different ages and he chose one for boys aged between seven and nine. He picked a severe one with a red rubber ball designed to fit into the boy's mouth behind his teeth. He remembered stuffing the handkerchiefs into his mouth in the camper van after using the chloroform on him, and he knew that this ball would fit perfectly.

The ball was held in place by two leather straps attached to metal rings that would sit against the boy's cheeks. Another studded leather strap fitted under his chin, another two went from the rings over the top of his head, and two more went round the back under his ears. This one was perfect Chris thought.

It was absolutely silent in the barn apart from Marius's's crying, screaming and begging. It was a turn-on just to listen to him. Even without doing anything to him, Chris thought, the boy was being tortured by the way he was brutally bound over the metal pole, spread-eagled, his back arched.

"No! Please stop!" Marius cried, as the middle aged man crouched down behind him with the ball gag. "Let me go. Please let me go. Don't hurt me any more. Please!"

Chris bent down and kissed his lips, then licked the tears from his cheeks and eyes, "Marius, I can't stop! Hurting and torturing a little boy like you is so thrilling and so exciting. It's like a drug. I absolutely love it. But you've been a good boy. You've been very brave and now it's time for a reward."

With that he pushed the red ball into boy's mouth, behind his two big front teeth and positioned the strap under his chin. Then he pulled the strap over his head and fastened it to the other two that he pulled tight under his ears.

Satisfied that the ball gag was secured he repositioned himself in-between the boy's legs. He massaged his sperm into the skin of his genitals, thighs and the lower part of his tummy, making it glisten.

Then he took the little boy's penis in-between his fingers and peeled back his foreskin. The underside of his penis, beneath his glans, was a little red where he'd burned it, but it was only burned slightly and it wouldn't be hurting so much that he wouldn't be able to orgasm. He'd been careful with the candle not to burn him too much because he wanted to give the boy another orgasm as a reward, before there was too much pain in his genitals.

Later he was going to experiment and see if he could make a prepubescent boy orgasm at the same time as his cock and balls were being severely tortured. Tegatus had told him that it was possible and that it was a good way to link pain and pleasure in the boy's mind. After all, that's what masochism was all about, the derivation of pleasure from pain, often extreme pain.

There was a muffled whimper from Marius as Chris gently kissed his glans and then licked the underside, running the wet tip of his tongue up and down the frenulum. His little penis was hard in an instant. It was one of the things Chris loved about little boys, it was so easy to give them a hard-on. Marius was a horny little imp, of that there was no doubt!

He took the stiff child-cock into his mouth and slid his wet lips all the way down, until his top lip was pressed against the hairless skin over the boy's pubic bone. Sucking now and using his tongue, he worked his lips up and down slowly, tasting his own sperm on the boy's shaft. As he sucked he watched the child's tummy rise and fall rapidly with his quickened breathing.

Chris massaged the root of Marius's penis, beneath his scrotum, with one hand while the other had his foreskin firmly retracted, his frenulum stretched, as he concentrated on sucking the glans. With his thumb and forefinger he made an O-shape behind the boys balls and then squeezed gently pulling them down, stretching them slightly. At the same time he slipped the boy's cock out of his mouth and masturbated him furiously with his free hand, his foreskin blurring over the glans as he pumped it up and down rapidly, like a little piston engine at full speed.

There was a muffled moan from Marius and Chris listened to the hiss, hiss, hiss sound as the child took short rapid breaths through his nostrils. There was a little hiss as he breathed in and a little hiss as he breathed out. The faster he masturbated the boy, the faster the little hissing sounds became.

Chris watched him clenching his fists and curling his little toes, and when he looked down at the laptop he saw the boy's eyes were screwed tight shut, a deep frown on his forehead. He was close to orgasm. The muscles in his legs were tensing and his narrow hips were jerking erratically.

Chris sucked the eight-year-old's penis back in his mouth again. He was so pleased he'd chosen Marius. This little boy was so easy to bring to orgasm. He was about to give him orgasm number two of the day, spread eagled on his back naked, and only the second orgasm of his life.

With the boy's cock in his mouth he pulled back the foreskin, pressing his glans against the roof of his mouth with his tongue and squeezed his little balls. There was a loud muffled moan from Marius, his body trembled and there was a sudden rapid increase in the short hissing noises as he breathed in and out with short breaths through his triangular shaped nostrils.

Chris intensified his sucking, keeping the boy's foreskin fully retracted with one hand, so that he could concentrate on the boys glans penis as his orgasm built. Then Chris watched his little tummy rise and fall rapidly, his hands clenched and his toes curled the child came in his mouth moaning loudly through the gag, his hips shaking as his dry kiddy orgasm racked his body and mind.

It was a good one too. It seemed to peak, then slowly ebb away, but then it intensified again as Chris continued sucking. It happened three times over a period of no more than a minute and it was an incredibly intense experience for the eight-year-old, who was panting like a little puppy dog on a hot day when he finished cumming.

"There, now that was a nice one wasn't it?" Chris said. It was more of a rhetorical question rather than one to which he expected an answer, after all the boy couldn't talk with the gag in his mouth.

While he rested Chris gently stroked Marius's tummy, then fingered his little tummy button, which was quite unusual in it's prominence. It was formed of an almost perfectly circular mound of skin that looked for all the world like an actual button.

Later, he thought, he'd get one of his fish hooks into it, on the end of a line and pull it tight. He'd do similar things with the child's darling nipples too. They were such a delight! Small, pale and flat against his chest. God he was going to hurt this little boy! What a fun! His adrenalin was really pumping!

Chris returned to the bench and picked up the two fishing reels. The reels were simple in design comprised of just the reel itself with a handle to turn on the side and a locking mechanism. Then he selected the two metal brackets designed for the reels to lock into.

Returning to Marius he secured one of the reels in its bracket on the floor in-between the boy's legs. It was wound with string and Chris pulled out a length and ran it around the boy's scrotum, in-between his balls and his body. Then he pulled it tight, drawing a muffled scream from Marius, and tied a knot.

Next he took hold of the boy's small testicles with one hand and, gripping them firmly, he pulled them down away from his body, stretching the skin of his scrotum in-between his body and his now bulging testicles. Then he wound the string round and round his scrotum until in the end only his little balls were showing with the skin of his scrotum stretched tight over them.

Tying off the string behind his balls he began to turn the reel, stretching his testicles severely away from his body. When he had stretched them enough, at least for the time being, he locked the reel. Not surprisingly Marius had started screaming again, a muffled scream through his ball gag, and he was making his little hissing noises as he breathed in and out rapidly through his nostrils.

Then Chris brought over a low metal stand that looked a little bit like a small bird table. It was comprised of a short upright scaffold pole, secured to a metal base with angle irons and welding, and a square metal top secured in the same way that formed a little table about 70cm off the ground and about 40cm above the boy's hips. He positioned this just behind the first reel and bolted it to the wooden floor.

Next he retrieved the ingenious foreskin clamp from the workbench. Inside the jaws of the metal clamp were rubber grippers, designed to hold a foreskin very securely in place when attached. Two butterfly screws on either side allowed it to be secured very tightly, ensuring the trapped foreskin would not slip out, no matter how hard it was pulled.

Chris fed as much of the child's foreskin as he could into the clamp and then pressed it shut, screwing the butterfly fasteners as tight as he could. He gave the clamp a good tug and it stretched Marius's little penis beautifully, like a little worm being pulled out of the ground.

Then he secured the other reel, in its bracket, to clamps on top of the metal table and tied a length of the string from the reel to the foreskin clamp. The scene was an absolute delight to watch as Chris stood behind the table, his penis erect, turning the reel to stretch the child's little penis.

Although he could hardly move, Marius's body was trembling and jerking and twitching as Chris turned the reel and stretched his penis more and more. Eventually it was nearly three times its original flaccid size, and much thinner too, like the proverbial worm.

Chris wanted to cum again but that could wait until later. His hands were shaking as he selected the secure chat program through which he could send and receive messages from Tegatus. He noticed that his friend had sent dozens, and all of them complimentary!

Chris: You like what you see then?

Tegatus: What I see is amazing. It's incredibly erotic. I've already cum three times, which I think is once more than you!

Chris: I'll catch you up soon! I'm the one with the boy!

Tegatus: Can I make a special request?

Chris: I'd love you to!!!

Tegatus: The steel pins. Get the steel pins. You know what we both want you to do with them!!! Also, maybe it's time for the paddle, the tawse and the cane.

Chris: And, I think to add to our enjoyment, and the boy's pain I'll use the cattle prod as well.

Tegatus's response indicated that he was very much looking forward to what was about to happen next. Chris took a quick sip of wine and then got everything ready.
Chapter Six

Chris checked the feed from camera three, the one that was focussed on Marius's hips. It was good but he wanted to zoom in closer, especially now that the boy's penis and balls were being brutally stretched. He lifted the camera off the tripod and clamped it on to the little metal table. Then he zoomed in on his genitals and made sure the HD picture was crystal clear.

Marius was screaming and blubbering in a frantic way. Everything was muffled by the tight gag, but he was wailing onto the ball in his mouth repeatedly, "Arghhh, arghhh, arghhh, arghhh...," like a worn out siren.

Each wail came every time he exhaled, and because he was breathing so rapidly, with such short, shallow breaths it literally was a bit like a car alarm going off. For a moment he wondered if the boy was dying, but that was impossible, he wasn't doing anything that was even remotely life threatening. Just painful. Very, very painful, and he hadn't even started yet.

Chris had to remind himself that Marius was only an eight-year-old boy, and he was in agony, unable to move or defend himself from whatever he decided to do to him next. As well as being in intense pain from the genital torture and from being spread eagled naked on his back over the scaffolding, he was also terrified. He probably feared that this horrible middle-aged man who had abducted him might even kill him.

So much the better, Chris thought. He picked up the tin of steel pins and knelt by the boy's side. Using a piece of tissue paper he held one of the pins in the flame of the candle and waited a for about thirty seconds, then, gripping one of the boy's exposed testicles with his free hand he pushed the hot pin right the way through it. It was very sharp and it penetrated the skin of the boy's hairless scrotum and sank right through his little testicle as if it was just a knob of butter. Gorgeous, really gorgeous!

The reaction from the child was everything that Chris could have hoped for and much more. His body went into a kind of spastic fit and his scream changed from the car alarm to one long continuous muffled wail. His arms and legs were shaking, he sucked in his tummy and his little hands clenched tightly into fists. This was absolutely delicious, Chris thought. He wanted much more of this.

He gripped the boy's other little testicle and held another one of the pins in the flame of the candle. Then he squeezed the little ball and pushed the sharp pin right through it slowly, the metal scaffolding rattling as the child's body reacted as if he's just been plugged into the mains. He pulled it half way out and then plunged it all the way in again, so that a good half of the pin's length stuck out of the other side of the eight-year-old's testicle, a little drop of crimson blood forming on the end. Child torture, Chris decided, was hot!

He got up and poured himself a glass of wine and admired the vision before him -- living child-torture porn. He took a sip of the wine and gently, slowly, stroked his cock as he watched the little boy, bound naked, and writhing in agony. He placed his glass on the table and then masturbated onto him, cumming in less than a minute, aiming his streams of hot cum onto his tortured genitals and his stretched, concave tummy. He knew that he'd have plenty more orgasms before he'd finished with this angelic little boy.

It was getting very warm in the barn and Chris considered letting in some fresh air, but then decided against it. He rather liked the sheen of sweat that was developing on Marius's smooth skin, like a shimmering dew, in the early morning sun. Maybe he could add to the wet-look effect on the boy's skin, Chris thought. He needed a pee and as Marius was going to be his new toilet anyway, there was perhaps no better time than now to make first use of him.

He squeezed the last drops of his cum onto the boy's tortured genitals, and then, with his penis softening, he released a long stream of dark-yellow urine that splashed right in-between his skinny legs and all over his stretched cock and scrotum. Then he pissed all over the boy's tummy and chest and aimed in-between his outstretched arms for his little neck and face.

It was probably the nicest pee he had ever had. It was such a pleasure pissing all over a naked little boy's body. He could hardly wait to piss directly into his open mouth and all over his cute little face. He was going to be a perfect little toilet.

A shaft on sunlight shone into the barn through the little window at the apex of the roof, illuminating a myriad motes of dust dancing and darting in all directions, like a crowd of busy people passing through a town square, each with a different destination in mind. The barn needed a good clean and it was Marius's job from now on. He could make a start during his first recovery period in-between this torture session and the next.

His first job would be cleaning the bathroom floor. And he'd do it with his tongue. Chris had been accidentally missing the urinal and had been pissing all over the tiled floor for the week or so before he went hunting and abducted the boy. It needed a really good clean now and he could clean the urinal too.

Returning to Marius he knelt in-between his outstretched arms and lifted his head. He had blown snot out of his nose during the intense screaming and his eyes were red from crying. Chris had fastened the ball gag so tight that the straps were digging into his skin, and as a result of the pain he was enduring his baby teeth were biting hard on the rubber ball. Gorgeous, Chris thought. Simply gorgeous.

"You are so fucking hot Marius," Chris said, "I wish you had some idea of how much fun this is for me. I wish you knew how much you were turning me on!" As he spoke he pinched the little boy's button nose and he watched with absolute delight as he choked and gagged and spluttered as he tried to breath around the ball.

"This is just so horny," Chris said, releasing the boy's nostrils so that he could breath again, enjoying the terrified look in his eyes as he urgently sucked in air again.

"I'm going to hurt you so much now little one,' he whispered into the eight-year-old's ear. "But you have to know that it's because you're so hot, with such a hot little eight-year-old boy body!"

He reached over for his glass of wine and took a sip, his hands trembling he was so excited, so aroused. "For a man like me little boys are the sexiest things on the planet, and torturing you Marius is such exquisite pleasure! What could be more of a turn-on than torturing a helpless little boy!"

Chris ran his hand over the child's chest, enjoying the feeling of his corrugated rib cage beneath his smooth, creamy white skin, damp with urine and sweat. He paused to pinch each little nipple as hard as he could, using the fingernails of his thumb and index finger like claws.

Then he raked his fingernails across Marius's tummy hard, leaving deep pink lines from his pubic bone up to his sternum. He stepped over one of his skinny legs and then knelt on the floor, untying the cord around his scrotum. It had been so tight that it had left deep marks in his skin and it was time now to let some blood circulate.

Chris's own breathing now was short and ragged, he was so turned-on and his hands were still trembling. He unclipped Marius's penis from the foreskin clamp and sucked it gently as it returned to its normal size. Then he slipped the child's foreskin back over his glans and sucked it lovingly.

Despite all the torture, which was mild compared with what was to come, and, quite amazingly, even with two pins pushed right through his balls, Marius was almost instantly erect. He was quite sure that given time he could turn this little boy into a masochistic slut, and as the idea aroused him still more, he bit down hard on the boy's penis, his front incisors on the shaft just below the glans.

Marius choke-screamed onto the gag, his little body arching and lurching over the scaffolding in shock and pain. Chris bit a little harder and slowly began to pull one of the steel pins out of his left testicle. Pulling it out was almost as painful as pushing it in, and his head spun with lust as he stopped half way, then as if changing his mind he pushed it all the way back in again.

The boy's penis was flaccid in an instant as Chris continued to bite the end of his cock, fucking his little testicle with the pin, pushing it in and out over and over again, stabbing it repeatedly before pulling it right out, only then to repeat the process again with the other.

When Chris stood up there were deep red bite marks around the end of Marius's flaccid penis that would soon bruise, and although his little scrotum had retracted tightly in-between his legs there was the occasional drip of blood onto the floor.

He stood to the side of the child now and looked up at the camera. His head was spinning as he selected the large leather paddle and gripped it firmly in his right hand, the muscles in his arms tensing.

The paddle was an evil looking torture device made of thick leather, 7cm wide and 36cm long, and attached to a wooden handle. It actually looked worse than it really was. It was more of a slapper, designed to deliver a stinging slap, usually to the buttocks. However, Chris was intending to use it on Marius's chest, tummy, inner thighs and genitals.

Because of the paddle's width it didn't cause as much damage to the skin, or cause as much pain as a strap, which in turn did less damage and caused slightly less pain than something like a cane, or a whip. The thing about the paddle was the punch it delivered with the stinging slap, all thanks to the heavy piece of leather from which it was made.

Chris looked down at the little boy with his back arched so cruelly over the scaffold pole. He breathed in slowly through his nostrils as if he was savouring the smell of the boy's fear. Then he gripped the handle of the leather paddle, and using all his strength, the muscles in his arm tensing, he brought it down with a whoosh and a loud smack on the child's tummy.

Marius's scream was like a long rasping gurgle on the ball gag, his body jerking over the metal pole as he tried to twist away and protect his bare tummy from another heavy slap. His struggle was in vain, the metal clamps that were stretching his arms and legs held him firmly in place, spread-eagled, and almost completely immobile.

There was another loud slap as Chris brought the paddle down on the eight-year-old's tummy again, in almost exactly the same place as the first time. He was lost in lust, his cock rock hard, the slapping sound of the leather paddle on the child's soft skin was like an addictive drug.

An erotic fever seemed to take hold as he brought the paddle down as hard as he could on the boy's body again, this time on his chest, across both of his little nipples. Large, deep-red rectangular patches were forming on his milky white skin, and Chris's cock throbbed as he brought the paddle down again on the child's chest, and then again, and again.

Time seemed to blur as Chris counted 10, 11, 12 slaps of the paddle on the boy's chest, and then he evened up the numbers on his tummy. He couldn't stop, his little torso becoming a deep red patchwork of pain. He watched in delight as the child urinated on the floor, screaming, as he brought the paddle down hard, with every ounce of strength, across the lower part of the boy's tummy and across his hips.

Marius's screams were hoarse now as Chris turned his attention to the child's legs. He delivered severe slaps of the paddle to his soft inner thighs and the top of his legs, changing position from one side of his body to the other. Torturing a child wasn't like sex Chris discovered. It didn't have a climax that afterwards left you exhausted. Torturing a little boy was like a continual climax that drove you on to do more and more, and the more the torture continued the more aroused you became.

Chris felt as if he was going to cum just from the sheer sexual thrill of what he was doing. Breathing quickly he dropped the paddle to the floor. He took one of the safety pins from the box and stood in-between the boys legs. Then he gripped his little penis and stretched his foreskin away from the glans and pushed the pin right through it, to more delicious screams from Marius.

He then stretched the boy's penis up towards his tummy button and used the safety pin to fasten his penis to his tummy. Little rivulets of blood mixed with the sweat and what was left of Chris's piss forming what looked like veins on his skin, as he picked up the rattan cane, then standing to one side of the boy he began caning his penis.

Marius's non-existant hips jerked up and down, as if he was fucking, while Chris brought the cane down across his tummy and penis again and again. He aimed higher up his tummy and then caned the boy's chest leaving deep red welts across his already bruised and reddened skin.

He stood astride the boy now facing his feet and brought the cane down hard, in-between the child's legs right on his hairless little scrotum. The boy's hips continued to jump and jerk and Chris stopped momentarily to punch him hard in the tummy and then again, only this time aiming for his little penis.

The pain and torture was pushing little Marius to the very edge of unconsciousness as Chris knelt in-between his arms and unfastened his ball gag. He pushed his hard cock unceremoniously into the boy's mouth, all the way in to the back of his throat as he gripped his head tight in his hands.

"Fuck I'm going to cum!" Chris gasped, as he held the child's head tightly, and forced his penis right down his throat. He watched the boy's neck bulge as the entire length of his erect cock disappeared into the eight-year-old's mouth, and his pubic hair pressed up tight against the boy's cherry lips.

Chris cried out loud with his buttocks clenched and his hips thrusting as he came in the child's throat, the little boy convulsing, desperate for air. It was a delicious orgasm that left him trembling with pleasure and he sat on the floor, holding the boy's head in his hands.

Chris held his head, his little face bright red, as he gagged and retched, gasping and gulping for air. He was only sorry that he'd cum so quickly, but he had been so turned on from torturing the boy and all he wanted, all he needed, was to cum down his throat. Next time though he'd do it for longer!

Regaining his energy he secured a black leather choker around the boy's neck, decorated with silver metal studs and two metal rings, one at the front and one at the back. Attaching a black leather lead to the one at the front he then removed the safety pin from the boy's penis and unfastened the metal clamps securing his wrists and ankles.

Marius was wailing and blubbering, but that only turned Chris on more. He licked his lips as he looked at the boy's little body, red welts criss-crossing his tummy, chest and thighs, even his genitals. He was covered in bite marks and scratches and now Chris wanted to fuck him again, like the little sex toy he was.

This time though he was going to fuck his little bottom outside, with Marius face down on his tummy on the gravel drive, so that the sharp stone chippings would dig into his skin while Chris brutally raped him. His cock was hard again already. 